hey guys so I know you haven't seen me
in a while but uh today was the last day
of finals so I'm pretty sure I'll have
enough time to make at least one video a
week we'll see um so I ordered my
whitening whitening kit and I got it for
like 75% off which was pretty sweet
um but the only thing I didn't like
about their company was that I ordered
mine in April 31st and it's estimated
one to three days
delivery time and I checked my tracking
delivery and nothing came and it's been
what is it now mid-may so the beginner
this week it's not Thursday I'm like hey
listen I haven't gotten my package and
it's only supposed to take one to three
days not to three weeks so they're like
oh the post office lost it nothing was
tracked after may 1st so like they're
like just so you know that's not our
fault but we're gonna send you one for
free I'm like it's not really my fault
either but that's pretty sweet
so they sent it on Tuesday and I got it
today which is Thursday so here it is
it's originally 400 but I got it for
like 50 bucks and so what you supposed
to do is took the battery little plastic
things out and out of this thing and
then put connected on so I started at at
least and then you determine what shade
of yellow
your teeth are and I pretty much saw
that mine Burt between 7 8 or 9 my front
teeth are like sevens and like my side
teeth are about um an 8 or a 9 so that's
what they kind of look like so I tried
they're um whitening pin before and it
really it worked so let's try this thing
out okay so these are
my finishing results the back teeth
really got a lighter so I think I'm
determining I went from I was more of an
eight I would say CEC and I went down to
like a five or a six
I've active were the ones that I really
had a lot of gross I know so the only
problem I had with it is that it turned
my gum white like it was white like
whiter than it was like as white as
flour I was like oh my gosh my gosh oh
my gosh this is so scary
and then I didn't notice because I
didn't coat it with the vitamin E stuff
like very well or not but I like email
denied right away I'm like oh my gosh
it's like why should I got a doctor but
it's starting to go like normal color
now and it did burn a little bit but it
was kind of like if you cut yourself
while you're brushing your teeth pretty
much like that little sting it hurt but
yeah I seem to like it
um I'm probably in that order more
vitamin E stuff because that's stuff
like that gel so kind of burned you
don't have it but my teeth feel fresh
uh-huh like kind of like when I got my
braces off like they fell all all like
oh no they just feel clean so yeah I
would give this product uh-hmm
let's say a 4 out of 5 only because I
really freaks me out like that really
scared me like oh my god I brush it all
off like uh right when I'm even before I
put the light in so yeah all right um
I'll see you guys later bye